4.73 release note addition (#25125)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/release-notes.md

- Fixed a bug where canceling `docker load` left a containerd ref lock held, causing subsequent loads of the same image to fail.
- Fixed an issue where Docker Desktop made unnecessary network requests to `mcp.docker.com` on sign-in when MCP Toolkit was disabled, causing unexpected proxy authentication prompts.
- Fixed an issue where the search input in Gordon's session sidebar would not close if it was left empty.

> - Improvements to Docker Desktop handling of transient rename failures caused by antivirus software accessing those files simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved Docker Desktop handling of transient rename failures caused by antivirus software accessing those files simultaneously.
```
